In the beginning there were da bacterias. 
Then some of them was like let’s make nuclear envelopes and do a fuckton of yoga! 
They was amoebozoans. 
Others weren’t hip to the yoga and they swam around with tails and  hair-like projections. 
With the development of chlorophylls a and b, 
cells was finally able to escape the tyranny of heterotrophism and make their own food. 
He who remained atomistic, 
intrinsically separate from his brothers, 
was the ancestor of modern pond scum. 
Those who came together in a collective way started life cycling between haploid multi-cellular and diploid unicellular gametophytes. 
These are the ancestors of mosses. 
Of these who developed vascular tissue were the ancestors of ferns. 
Those with seeds, the gymnosperms. 
Angiosperms got flowers and fruit in addition to them seeds. 
They who did not make their own food also adopted collective living. 
The first to distinguish hisself was the fungus with his chitinous cell walls (Same shit they make crab shells and beetles out of). 
Some of the Fungi was even mo’ clever and they paired with the algae and grew on rocks. 
They is the ancestors of the lichen. 
Others was not about them cell walls and shit. 
My man spongebob comes from those who developed spicules. 
Some fuckin’ porous fellas. 
The first to show they got their tissues in line and shit were the cniderians. 
Others went further and developed organ systems. 
The first of these were the ancestors of the mollusks whose answer to the evolutionary question was the adaptation of the calcareous shell. 
After this others found a different route and segmented their bodies. 
These was the annelids. 
You know, like earthworms and shit. 
At this point there was an evolutionary arms race and all them was on protective cuticles. 
Sometimes you gotta wear a vest. 
Of those who segmented some traded that segmentation for a collagen cuticle which is like a body condom made out of lip injection material. 
you dig? 
Some like crank some like dope and sometime you gotta trade fo’ what you want. 
They are the ancestors of those whack-ass dope-fiend Nematodes. 
Those who kept their segmentation developed jointed appendages. 
They from whom ants descended are arthropods bitch, and they still is! Goin’ way back now. 
Those who didn’t segment got a second mouth literally a Deuterostome more analogous to the butthole. 
Patrick the starfish is one of these assholes characterized especially by his radial symmetry. 
He descends from the first Echinoderms. 
Those who encephalized their biological computational circuitry in a protective calcareous prison was vertebrates from then on. 
The set that was famous for their swim bladders were the actinopterygii but they went by Fish fo’ short. 
Others was into tits and they organized sum dere cells into milk makin’ mammo-glands. 
They was the Mammalians; word to the Gaian mind. 
The Aves didn’t do that milk shit but they was all about the feathers. 
Bird-brained mutha-fuckas. 
My boys the lepidosaurs was all about movin’ they skull-bones so they could deglutize stuff biggerin they heads. 
They is now reptiles and shit. 
Diagrammatically represent that muthafucka! 
I dare your ass!
